Chakravyuh
Event Description
“The secret impresses no one. The trick you use it for is everything”-The Prestige....     
Have you ever experienced a virtual adventure? Do you really have something to go for a quest of your life to bring the clues out the world’s most complicated system –world wide web ? 
 If you and your browser can dive into the virtual world , then pull up your surfing skills and be ready to  engage in competitive one-upmanship to create the ultimate artificial illusion. 
 Sankalan2K18 - The Annual Tech Fest of Department Of Computer Science, brings you the much awaited event-Chakravyuh (The online treasure hunt). 
 *Rules may subject to change. 
 Solve all the levels first and you win! 
  Registration Fee:  Nil 
  Maximum Team Members:  1 
  Rules:  
 1. Starts from 10pm 2nd March 2018 . First team to finish the game wins. 
 2. Number of participants in a team can maximum be 1. 
 3. Event is open to all college/institute students. . 
 4. Decision of the organisers would be final and binding. . 
 5. Organisers have the right to disqualify any team if they are found breaking any rules. . 
 Venue: http://chakravyuh18.com/. 
 (tentative)Date : 2nd-4th March 2018. 
 Start Time : 10:00 pm. 
 Step forward in the arena and join the battle ! .
 
 Contact for details
 
 Turn Coat
 Event Description
 Get ready to drive through a battle of thoughts with your own self on a buzzer press.                                                                  
 Team Size:  1  
 Round 1  
 Each participant will be given 2 minutes to speak on a debatable topic, with alternative durations of 30 seconds each in favor or against the issue. 
  Round 2  
 Two participants will be given the same topic to speak. Alternatively, they will have to speak in favor and against. 
  Round 3  
 All qualifying participants will be given the same topic to speak. They would randomly be asked to present their views in contradiction to the previous speaker. 

 Contact for details :  
 Ramneek–  
 Divya–  


 Just A Minute (JAM)
 Event Description

	Every single second matters, every single round matters. You’ve got to fight every second, every minute and every round.  
  Team Size:  2 
 Games would have to be completed in a minute period. 
 A maximum of 72 teams would be allowed.                                      

 contact for details
 
 
 
 Pictionary
 
 

 
 LAN gaming 
 
 Beg Borrow Steal
 
